♪ ♪
♪ Come all you roving cowboys♪
♪ Bound down this lowly land♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'll tell to you a story♪
♪ While you around me stand♪
♪ ♪
♪ I'm goin' to quit
this Wild West♪
♪ ♪
You mean you're not sure
Tom did it.
Well, if it wasn't him, who?
Last night I saw a man
who I could have sworn
was Tom, but it wasn't.
And even though I was
standing on Main Street,
I felt like I was
right back at that night
-looking at the man
who shot Liam.
-Abby, you said
that you saw Tom Davidson
kill Liam.
-You said that you were certain.
-I was certain.
I-I don't know how
this is possible, but...
Abby, if you are not willing
to come forward,
legally, we don't have a case.
I want justice
more than anyone,
but this constitutes
reasonable doubt.
[scoffs]
Oh, my...
I need some time
to think this over.
And it sounds like you need
to do the same.
[sighs]
Someone please say something.
Right now, part of me wishes
you let him bleed out up there.
-[door opens, closes]
-Kate,
Tom still could be guilty,
but I...
I can't deny what I saw,
even if I can't explain it.
I can't explain it either, Abby.
I can't testify
until we know...
"We"? Abby!
We followed your lead.
We...
I think I've had enough
of "we" for right now.
♪ ♪
Since we're taking
a little break
from helping Abby,
maybe you can help me
with something else.
Kai's in trouble.
[snorts]
And he came to you?
Well, I figured it out.
He wants to keep
the circle small.
Listen, a Tong is after him.
Well, if the Tongs are half
as brutal as I've heard,
we're gonna need some backup.
I made some friends with some
hired guns over the years.
What, robbing banks?
Ain't that the foundation
of all good friendships?
I was thinking someone
closer by.
Someone we can both trust.
Calian.
What are you two chickens
huddled up about?
We're just, um, talking about
a mutual friend.
-Yeah.
-Mm.
Where you off to?
After Abby's big revelation
I thought I'd take
my mind off things
-and go see Kai
about some costumes.
-Do us a favor.
Keep an eye on him for us.
-Why, what's going on?
-Just do it.
All right?
Kate. Please?
Well, since you asked
so nicely.
All right, what seems
to be the problem?
Customer's locked up
in the room.
Only paid for yesterday.
New day, new rate.
I gave him my best girls 'cause
he seemed good for it.
Sheriff, I'm contemplating
grabbing my shotgun.
I will handle it, okay?
Hang on.
-Ladies. Is he in here?
-Tom.
Right over there.
Okay.
♪ ♪
MAN:
I told you, ladies,
I'll pay you after breakfast.
All right, let's go.
His pocket's emptier
than his damn head.
Aw, come on, girls.
Pony rides are just
getting started.
-All right, let's go, get up.
-Ugh.
-Shane?
-Well, hi, Sheriff.
If I'd known you were coming,
I would have worn pants.
What the hell are you
doing here?
Mom and Dad sent me to Abilene
to wine and dine
a couple railroad suits.
Took a few dozen drinks
and more sweet-talking
than half these ladies,
but we now own
the largest steel contract
south of Nebraska.
What is this?
You carry a gun now?
Is that part of your
sweet-talking business deals?
Yeah. I'm out west.
I gotta dress the part.
Did you hear what I just said?
Yeah, I heard.
Steel contracts.
Sounds like you really
saved the day.
Oh, don't be jealous,
big brother.
We're a team, remember?
Were you planning on
telling me
you were coming in to town?
Well, people said you were
laid up
in a hospital in Austin.
What happened?
Jump on your horse too hard?
[sighs]
Wow.
Look at you, making friends
everywhere you go.
Just like when
we were kids.
You remember? We weren't
in school for more than a day,
and you had those guys
after you.
No, they were after you, Shane,
not me.
Huh. Oh, yeah, you're right.
But you stopped 'em, Tom.
Listen, tell me straight.
You know anything about this?
What? How would I know
anything about...
Wouldn't be the first time
you did something
that came back on me to clean up
or take the blame for.
Listen, if I'd known someone
was trying to murder you,
I would have come sooner,
helped you string 'em up myself.
-Is that right?
-Yeah.
Come on, man.
Hasn't been all bad.
[laughs]
You remember scaring
the Miller twins
when we dressed up like nuns?
I think we scared
the crap out of them.
All right!
All right, get dressed.
I'll show you my town.
There he is.
KATE:
Here's what I'm thinking
for the show.
And don't laugh.
Bear with me.
Bally Broads.
I know I cannot turn the bar
into a circus,
but I can juggle a little bit,
and we can teach the girls
to dance with hoops.
I can make dresses where
the skirt comes off,
revealing tights underneath.
Like, uh... an acrobat.
-Yes, yes, exactly.
-Mm-hmm.
In red and white stripes,
like the tent.
Oh, this is brilliant.
How soon do you think
you can get me some sketches?
Uh, today, if I can.
-Sure.
-Mm-hmm.
Is everything all right?
Just sketching in my mind.
-Mm.
-Hmm.
[clears throat]
You know, I've been thinking.
Do you remember the first day
that we met?
You were standing
outside of Hagan's
in that green dress
with the black ruffles.
I remember how the sunlight
was hitting your face.
Do you remember
what you said to me?
Uh-uh?
[laughs]
You said,
"Don't mind the bitter days."
-"They give the sweet ones
their flavor."
-Mm-hmm.
And that's exactly what
I needed to hear that day.
It was like we'd known
each other from the beginning.
Lily.
Sung Kai.
I'm sorry.
Uh, Kate, this is Lily.
I-It's really very nice
to-to meet you.
How do you two know each other?
We met in San Francisco
many years ago.
You know, I am more than happy
to just give you a minute
to-to catch up, so...
♪ ♪
You look different.
You talk different.
To build the life I have now,
I had to become someone new.
I always hoped you made it out.
The night we tried to escape
and were separated,
I went back, but you were gone.
...took me in.
And then, after a while,
I almost felt like
I had a normal life.
And then a month ago
the Tong came,
and I overheard them talking
about how they found you.
But they are, they are coming.
I can't.
This is our chance...
to be free from...
from them,
from that horrible night.
To build the life
we always dreamed of.
I'll gather supplies.
We can be on the road
in an hour.
If anyone comes by,
stay out of sight.
[bell jingles]
[door opens]
-TOM: This is it.
-SHANE: Well...
I don't think I've ever
walked into a sheriff station
of my own free will.
Miss Walker, you all right?
[gunshot]
Only thing worse than blood.
I'm fine, thank you.
-And you are?
-Shane Davidson.
Now, I know what
you're thinking.
How can such a handsome devil
be related to
such a mangy mutt?
Forgive my brother.
He's an absolute buffoon.
Abigail Walker.
Tom, I didn't know
you had siblings.
Businessman from back east.
We don't have the pleasure
of seeing each other
all that much.
Speaking of, what do you say
we commemorate
this little family reunion
with a drink
in one of your fine
watering holes?
Abby-- Can I call you Abby?
Abby is fine.
Well, "Abby is fine,"
would you like to join us?
It's not a good idea.
You think he talks
a lot now, wait till
you get some whiskey in him.
Mm-mm.
As a matter of fact,
I would love to.
-Hi.
Where's Lily?
-Back at the restaurant.
-You getting a room?
You know, if you do...
you should take
a bottle of that.
I feel like you might work up
a little bit of a thirst, huh?
Actually, I need to
get paid early
for this week's laundry.
Sure.
What the boss doesn't know
won't kill him.
That's you, love.
Thank you, Kate.
For everything.
Kai.
Listen, are you and Lily
in some kind of trouble?
People are looking for me.
Dangerous people.
So we are leaving town.
Kai, I really don't want to be
the person to...
to bring this up to you,
but do you find Lily's timing
-a little bit strange?
-You always do that
with your face
when you want to say more.
-What?
-[sighs]
-Her-her shoes.
-[chuckles]
Her shoes are-- they're clean.
They're brand-new.
That's odd for a woman
who says she's on the run.
-Maybe she wore out
the old pair.
-Maybe.
Maybe the people
that are trying to find you
are using her to draw you out.
Maybe just take a beat
before you leave
everything that you've
built here.
Lily's safety is more important
than my store.
Kai, I'm worried that
she's playing you.
The way you play me?
You use me for information.
You drop by only when
I serve you.
What are you talking about?
I know you are
a Pinkerton agent.
I've seen things,
overheard things.
All right, listen, I--
I'm so sorry.
-It's complicated.
I wanted to tell you.
-It doesn't matter.
Lily and I, we know each other.
I won't lose her again.
Goodbye.
[door opens, closes]
GUS:
He didn't show.
Thought about riding
to the Apache camp, but I...
No, we can't risk leaving
with the Tong
coming to town, Gus.
And I don't think Calian's
itching to get back here
after that trial.
I'll ride back up at sunset.
Hey, you got anything good
in there,
help us pass the time better?
First, I don't drink.
Second, I need you sober.
I'm a much better shot with
a few sips of liquid courage.
No one's shooting anyone today
if I have anything
to say about it.
HOYT:
He's not coming, Deputy.
All right?
Looks like you're stuck working
with an outlaw this time.
Maybe not.
LILY: I packed food and clothes
for you.
-I got the money.
-Good.
But we are going to need
more than a week's wages.
What about the money you stole
from the Tong?
You must still have some.
We are going to need every penny
if we want to stay
ahead of them.
The man who told them about me,
I gave him everything
to keep quiet.
Damn it, Sung Kai.
Couldn't you see he was going
to tell them anyway?
How long have you been
working for the Tong?
I was so happy you were alive,
just to see you.
I didn't want to think
you could betray me.
You know me.
I'm no threat to you.
But our dreams of...
starting over...
I knew if we ran,
they were going to find us.
You stole money from the Tong.
You killed their men, Sung Kai.
Besides, my life was there.
I was good at my job.
I did what was necessary,
and now they trust me.
They'll realize their mistake
soon enough.
If I didn't still love you,
you would already be dead.
You saved my life once.
I tried to save yours.
I only wish you ran.
Or just kept the money.
Now your death is the only way
to clear our debt.
I can make the Tong
ten times the money I took.
The railroad is coming
to Independence.
There's a fortune
to be made here.
I have the sheriff in my corner.
He's the one who
gets things done.
-Let me talk to him.
-Set a meeting.
You have until sundown.
Oh, well, Sheriff,
it's a good thing
you're better with a pistol
than you are with a cue stick.
Either way, you'll never be
a better shot than me.
I thought you were
a businessman.
Well, I have many talents,
darling.
I don't understand
why we're here.
There's
a far nicer establishment
just down the road.
Yeah, but your place doesn't
have a billiards table.
It's too damn stuffy,
just like you, Tommy.
How about we make
this next game more interesting?
You still owe me for the Doves.
Yeah, but not if I win.
I'll play.
It's best that you don't put
your heart or money at risk,
especially when it comes
to my brother.
-Isn't my money
as good as yours?
-Seems fair to me.
Ladies first.
["Ain't Killed Me Yet"
by Adia Victoria playing]
♪ So pour me one last drink♪
♪ And roll me one last smoke♪
♪ And keep the jukebox paid♪
♪ Till we both go broke♪
♪ Now, it's a hard way
of living♪
♪ But the living
ain't killed me yet...♪
Now, where does
a nice girl like you
learn to do something
like that?
I had a friend.
We had a deal while he was
in school.
I helped him study,
he taught me how to play.
♪ You ain't♪
♪ Ain't killed me yet.♪
[Tom whistles]
So, where did you learn
the game?
Back east or out here?
Well, east, west...
on a train or
on a wagon trail.
I pick up things
wherever business takes me.
Well, business is booming here.
Kai.
I need to speak
with the sheriff.
TOM:
Yeah.
Why don't you two play
without me?
What, you leave me
to lose alone? Traitor.
Hey, go ahead and set us up.
I'll get us another round.
TOM:
Why didn't you come
to me sooner?
The Tong have never been here
until now.
That's why I'm coming
to you.
Well, what is it
that they want?
They know Independence is
another town
in the train's path.
They're looking to set up
an outpost here,
establish their own
businesses,
take a cut of anyone else's.
That sounds like a threat to me.
It could be an opportunity.
They pass along a healthy cut
of the profits
to those in charge.
Lily needs an answer
by sundown.
[exhales, sniffs]
I think I'll let you and Tom
play instead.
I'll see you around, Abby.
Whoa.
[panting]
Taza...
How's this whole deputizing
business work, anyway, Deputy?
Do I get to shoot people--
who deserve it, of course--
and not go to jail?
This badge is a contract with
the people of Independence.
A promise to keep them safe.
It means we are stewards
of the law, not above it.
Not all who wear that badge
honor that contract,
-but, Hoyt, I do.
-I respect that.
Can I get free drinks
at the Side Step, at least?
Man, you're no fun.
But, seriously,
how's my wearing a badge
gonna help Kai?
It means you can
arrest someone
-if the situation warrants it.
-[door opens]
Well, shoot, sign me up then.
What the fresh hell's
going on in here?
-I deputized Hoyt.
-Why?
-Kai's in trouble.
-Yeah, I know.
What are we doing about it?
This.
Oh, man, her, too?
I thought this was supposed
to be special.
You know what, why don't you
hold onto this?
-Yeah.
-I'm not exactly eager
to throw a badge back on
anytime soon.
I'll take a second one.
[entry bell jingles]
I hear you're looking
to do business here
in Independence.
Well, I got bad news.
Your boy Kai is talking
to the wrong Davidson.
You go ahead,
I'll be right up.
You just don't be too hard
on her, all right?
Hi. You all right?
The man I told you about,
he's here.
He's Shane.
He's Tom's brother
-and he-he...
-Mm-hmm.
What's going on?
Oh, we're just, we're just
looking out for a friend.
Is this about Kai?
I-I saw him talking
to Tom earlier.
He didn't seem himself.
How can I help?
You know what, Abby,
I feel like
you've got a lot
on your plate,
so why don't you just
sit this one out?
All right?
[indistinct chatter
in background]
SHANE:
Another round.
Make it a double.
This one's on me, Flynn.
[chuckles]
Oh, you feeling bad
about taking my money?
I don't feel bad.
You're just not that good.
[laughs]
You know, I am in a celebrating
kind of mood.
What's the occasion?
Just feel like there's a real
opportunity brewing here.
It doesn't have anything
to do with
your brother's conversation
with Kai?
A pool shark and
an eavesdropper.
You're full of surprises.
[gunshot]
[man grunts]
Aren't we all full of surprises?
Mm.
So what's yours, hmm?
Hiding from your brother
seems to imply more than
just a sibling rivalry.
[laughs]
You have siblings, too, huh?
And you didn't answer
my question.
You ask a lot of 'em.
I like to know
who I'm drinking with.
I'll be seeing you,
Abby Walker.
So the Tong would be willing
to supply cheap labor,
help set up infrastructure
for saloons, hotels...
what, anything?
The workers alone would
bring more business,
more money.
Yeah, but I'd be inviting
organized crime into my town.
Seems like more problems
than I need.
You're the sheriff.
Better you set the terms
before they decide
to do it for themselves.
It's about time we talk,
don't you think, Tom?
What is this?
This is none of your concern.
If it concerns Kai,
it concerns us.
You're in over your head,
Sheriff.
You can't do this alone.
Is there anyone
you haven't told about this?
All right, set the meeting.
Okay, I want this done today.
The sooner we get this settled,
the sooner
we can get back to business.
And you three want
to help your friend here?
Then you follow my lead.
I'm gonna need backup,
in case things go south.
You think you can handle that?
I've been hoping
to see you again.
I thought
of going to town, but...
it's not an option for me
right now.
I know.
That's why I came to you.
Calian, is something wrong?
Chief Taza.
He's dying.
When he's gone,
I don't know what it'll mean
for the future of my people.
Or how I can protect them.
Taza believes in you.
You said it yourself.
Did something happen?
I was going to testify
against Tom.
And now I can't.
I saw someone who made me doubt
who I saw that night, and...
I keep trying
to go over it in my head.
I know this is the last thing
you need to be worried
about right now.
And-and I'm sorry. I...
felt that I owed you the truth.
Abby, admitting to doubt
and changing your view
is just as valuable
as the truth itself.
I believe in you...
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter in distance]
Who are those men?
You know who they are.
They would
never let me go alone,
no matter
who I was coming to see.
Even if this works out,
what's to prevent them
from killing me?
But I don't know that we are
the same people anymore.
[handcuffs click]
Perhaps you are right.
Lily.
Don't do this.
Lily!
Where's Kai?
He wouldn't miss a meeting
that he set up.
I'm going to Sung's.
♪ ♪
TOM:
Good afternoon.
Why don't we wait for Kai
before we begin?
SHANE:
Don't worry, Tom.
I'll back you up.
On behalf
of the Davidson family,
we're looking forward
to discussing business with you.
Kai is my partner,
and we will wait.
Kai is not a part of this
anymore.
Kai!
-Hi.
What happened?
Lady trouble.
KATE:
Oh, come on.
[shouts]
[grunts, yells]
[gunshot]
Kai!
[growls]
♪ ♪
-[shouts]
-[gunshot]
[groaning]
[grunting]
♪ ♪
[shouting, grunting]
We will set up a gambling hall,
another saloon and an opium den.
We want co-ownership of Sung's,
Hagan's, and the Doves' hotel.
An opium den?
That's off the table.
I will not allow
that poison into my town.
And as for co-ownership
of existing businesses,
-start your own.
-I think
what my brother means is...
we'll consider it.
The Tong is used to a majority
stake in these operations.
I don't care what you're
used to. This isn't your town.
Let's all try
to be agreeable here.
Okay? Now,
our family has several contracts
tied to the railroad's progress.
If the Tong uses its influence
to supply labor
for construction,
we would be open to your terms.
[quietly]:
Shane, you have no say
-in this...
-I speak for our family, Tom.
Now, with their labor, the
railroad will be built faster
and the sooner we can get
customers into our businesses.
That's worth giving
our new partners a little more.
Without my people,
your trains would not exist.
We deserve our fair share.
Your brother's word
seems as good as yours
when it comes to your family.
If he is willing to be
more reasonable with our offer,
I prefer to negotiate with him.
[whispers]:
What did you do?
[quietly]:
I do what's best for our family.
I wanted to see if you had
a better offer, Sheriff.
It appears your brother
understands the value
of a partnership with us.
Now, I'm guessing all of this
would be a verbal agreement?
[creaking]
♪ ♪
[door opens]
GUS:
Abby, wait.
-[shouts]
-Gus, watch out!
[grunting]
♪ ♪
-[groaning]
-[grunting]
[coughing]
-[breathing heavily]
-[Gus whistles]
Yeah.
Huh.
[pants]
You're under arrest.
This negotiation is over.
You will agree to supply labor
for the railroad
in return for a ten percent cut.
Or you will get nothing.
I have more men coming.
SHANE:
Come on, Tom.
This isn't how
you conduct business.
They've helped set up
boomtowns before.
-If we partner up
with them now...
-[door opens]
[door closes]
Your men are dead.
Here's what's going to happen.
You'll return to San Francisco,
tell your bosses that I will run
Tong operations in Independence.
If you send anyone else
out here, they will die.
This is a good deal, Lily.
You came here without one.
You're leaving with ten percent.
And your life.
-[whip cracks]
-[horse neighs]
Please hear me out.
I know you're shocked
by what you saw,
but I had to do it.
-To save us. To save this town.
-[laughing softly]
So your accent's
not real either.
I wanted to avoid suspicion,
to go unnoticed.
-You should understand.
-[sniffles]
Kate Carver. "Just a dancer."
Listen,
I know we got each other out
of a bit of a situation today,
but I don't know you.
Kai, the Tong chased you here.
You just invited them to stay.
The Tong would have come here
anyway, sooner or later.
This controls their reach.
It's... the lesser evil.
And you're willing to work
with Davidson to do it, huh?
You know,
he's no better than the Tong.
And neither are you
if you're willing to work
with either of them.
You work with him, too.
Why is it any different?
Because it is. You don't...
Do you not think
I wanted to tell you?
There was so much
that I wanted to say.
I...
[sighs]
You think
you're the lesser evil.
Are you?
[door opens]
[door closes]
♪ ♪
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Well, the marshals have
that Tong enforcer you arrested.
He will stand trial in Austin.
You chose caution
over the quick draw today.
I must say, I'm very impressed.
Yeah, well...
[exhales]
don't expect that
to be a permanent thing.
[chuckles softly]
Out here,
even outlaws
can become lawmen, too.
You might put this star
back on one day.
I'd make a lousy lawman.
I can't even keep hold
of my own horse.
Yeah.
Yeah, I saw him wandering
around town
and I put him out back.
I tell you what--
you pay a small fee
and the sheriff's office
will let you keep him.
-Cordell?
-Mm-hmm.
I won't pay a cent over 50.
Hmm, 70. That horse ate
a half a week's salary in oats.
60.
Deal.
[soft, steady beating]
Taza.
-[knocking]
-Tom. We need to talk
-about your brother.
-Miss Walker,
I've been meaning...
Talk about my brother?
He was in town without
even telling you he was here.
He tried to cut you out
of the business deal.
And some of the things
he's been saying, I...
Speak your mind, Miss Walker.
I think
he may have killed Liam Collins.
He never used to carry a gun.
The same caliber found
in Liam Collins' body.
I heard Augustus talking
about it
and saw the same weapon
on Shane today.
Why are you thinking
about all this?
I suppose working at the
sheriff's office with you has...
taught me
to notice people differently.
I think I know
where he's headed.
If I leave now, I can catch him.
I will tell Augustus
and the others.
Thank you.
[Gus sighs]
Taza's passed.
I'm so sorry.
Is there anything I can do?
He asked me
to take over as chief.
And whether or not I accept,
I need to be there
for my people.
The railroad is bringing
those determined to wipe us out
in the name of progress.
I need allies.
You have me, Calian.
Augustus.
After my family was murdered,
Taza raised me as his own.
Now he's gone, too.
I don't know if I can do this.
Well, I might have
something for you.
After your trial, word spread.
And I figured,
why not follow it?
I reached out
to lawmen across Texas
on any news on Nascha.
Calian, I might know
where your sister is.
♪ I see things repeat
in my dreams♪
♪ Like writings
across city streets♪
♪ No end or mean or way within♪
♪ So I try to find it
under your skin♪
♪ Under your skin♪
♪ I, I, I♪
♪ I see things repeat
in my dreams♪
♪ No end or mean or way within♪
♪ So I try to find him
under your skin♪
♪ Under your skin♪
I think it's time
we had a little chat.
♪ I♪
♪ I, I, I.♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org